Complete content of the FSP package:
--------------------------------------------------
   ChangeLog	   A list of all the changes made to the source code
		   seperated by version.
   FILES	   This list.
   INFO		   Information about the purpose of FSP
   INSTALL	   Installation instructions for FSP
   PROTOCOL	   FSP protocol definition
   MACHINES        Where FSP compiles out of box
   faq.html        FSP FAQ
   Makefile.in	   input file for building makefile from configure script.
   Makefile.am     file for generating Makefile.in
   aclocal.m4	   Automake macros
   install-sh	   A shell script for installation.
   setup           CSH script for initializing FSP (Unix).
   config.status   GNU autoconf that will be regenerated every time configure
		   is run. It is used to regenerate the same configuration as
		   before.
   configure	   SH script generated by GNU autoconf from configure.in used
		   to test certain parameters of the operating system in order
		   to enable compilation with the minimum of human
		   intervention.
   configure.ac	   Input script to autoconf used to generate configure.
   fspd.conf   	   An example fspd.conf file suitable for copying and editing.
   
   bsd_src/        Directory containing additional sources derived from
                   those in public archive on uunet.uu.net. Most sources
                   are modified to deal with FSP or some architectures.
    Makefile.in	   input file for building makefile from configure script.
    cmp.c          BSD compare routines.
    find.c	   Source for BSD find.
    fnmatch.c	   filename matching functions for BSD find.
    function.c	   BSD find function parser.
    glob.c         modified BSD globbing routine.
    ls.c           Modified ls source.
    operator.c	   operator parsing code for BSD find.
    option.c	   option parsing for BSD find.
    print.c        Directory print routines, modified for VMS.
    random.c       BSD random/srandom functions.
    util.c         additional util routines for ls.
    
   client/	   Code common to all clients
    Makefile.in	   input file for building makefile from configure script.
    lib.c          Core routines of the client library.
    lock.c         Simple file locking code to do client multi-plexing.
    util.c         Supplementry routines of the client library.
    
   clients/	   Code for the standalone and merged client versions
    Makefile.in	   input file for building makefile from configure script.
    fcatcmd.c      These compiles into individual client utilities.
    fcdcmd.c       Those with a "cmd" in their name will require
    fducmd.c       shell alias wrappers either because they do their own
    ffindcmdc      file globbing on argv based on directory information
    fgetcmd.c      gotten from the server or because the modify the
    fgrabcmd.c     environment variables (fcdcmd and fhostcmd)
    fhostcmd.c
    flscmd.c        
    fmkdir.c       
    fprocmd.c      
    fput.c         
    frmcmd.c       
    frmdircmd.c    
    fver.c         
    merge.c        This file is used to call the other client programs
	           when program merging option is used.  Rather than
		   compiling into individual client utility programs,
		   users may opt to build a single program which
		   contains all client funtionalities, which are to
		   be distinguished at run time by the name used to
		   activate the program.  Significant space saving can
		   be achieved on some machines. 
		   
   common/	   Directory containing code used in both server and clients
    Makefile.in	   input file for building makefile from configure script.
    strdup.c	   Unix strdup function.
    udp_io.c       Lowest level routines that deal with the unix inet
                   sockets. Some changes might be needed to get it
                   running with other network implementations.
   include/	   Directory containing all include files.
    bsd_extern.h   External definitions for all the functions from bsd_src dir.
    c_extern.h     External definitions for all the functions from client dir.
    client_conf.h  Client options that need to be manually configured.
    client_def.h   Definition for the client code.
    co_extern.h	   External definitions for all the functions from common dir.
    common_def.h   Definitions common to both the server code and the
                   client code.
    find.h	   definitions for the BSD find command.
    ls.h           definitions for the BSD ls command.
    my-string.h	   Headerfile to avoid some bogus redefinitions of strings.
    proto.h	   function prototyping headers.
    s_extern.h     External definitions for all the functions from server dir. 
    server_conf.h  Server options that need to be manually configured.
    server_def.h   Definitions for the server code.
    tweak.h        System dependent configurations options.  This file will
		   be automatically generated from tweak.h.in when the
		   configure script is run.
    tweak.h.in	   input file to configure script used to generate tweak.h
    version.h	   header file containing FSP version information.

   man/		   Manual pages for the FSP clients/server.
    Makefile	   Unix makefile for installing the man pages in the proper
		   place.
		   Man pages
     fcat.1
     fcatcmd.1
     fcd.1
     fcdcmd.1
     fdu.1
     fducmd.1
     ffind.1
     ffindcmd.1
     fget.1
     fgetcmd.1
     fgrab.1
     fgrabcmd.1
     fhost.1
     fhostcmd.1
     fls.1
     flscmd.1
     fmkdir.1
     fpro.1
     fprocmd.1
     fput.1
     frm.1
     frmcmd.1
     frmdir.1
     frmdircmd.1
     fspd.1
     fver.1
     fsp_prof.5

   server/	   Files needed to compile the FSPD server
    Makefile       Unix Makefile for compiling the server.
    conf.c         fspd configuration file reading routines. 
    file.c         Server routines for file i/o.
    filecache.c    fp-caching routines.
    host.c         Server routines for maintaining client database.
    lib.c          Server routines for inet socket i/o.
    main.c         Server main routine and dispatch loop.
